
congestion correspondence continuum controversy constellation converge constant consulting counterparts 

1.The development of jazz can be seen as part of the larger continuum of American popular music, especially dance music.
2.These bacteria release volatile substances that usually strike the bloodhound's nose as an entire constellation of distinctive scents.
3.These female writers, like most of their mail counterparts, were amateur historians.
4.The tuition has remained constant over the past five years.
5.Small pieces of floating ice converge and form icebergs.
6.She is consulting with the librarian.
7.The local governments start telecommuting programs in order to reduce rush-hour congestion.
8.Jane saved all of her grandfather's correspondence.
9.Peary's claim was surrounded by controversy.

coupon consorted congenial conform counteract convicted constitute contagious contour 

1.Airmail began to constitute the bulk of United States mail.
2.I've got a coupon for half-off diner at that new restaurant down the street.
3.They should be sedigned to conform to the topography.
4.Antacid will counteract the excess acid in your stomach.
5.Some colonial urban portraitists consorted with affluent patrons.
6.Ground plans and contour maps of the Earth can be drawn from aerial photographs.
7.The jury convicted the man, and he was sentenced to twenty years in prison.
8.A hobby like collection of classical music can be contagious and expensive.
9.Political liberty was congenial to the development of art taste.

confined constrains corrosion cosmic confronted conversation consonant consistent constituents 

1.Staggering tasks confronted the people of the United States, North and South, when the Civil War ended.
2.If the beads are buried for long, the effects of corrosion can further change their appearance.
3.The extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by some physical event, either climatic or cosmic.
4.Now, keep in mind that a theory of the moon's origin has to be consistent with two important facts.
5.The man is behaving with a dignity consonant with his rank.
6.After a good meal and good conversation, we were all content.
7.The early apartment buildings were confined to the typical New York building lot.
8.Their species' genetic makeup constrains them to be insects.
9.Vitamins became recognized as essential food constituents necessery for health.

consistently continuity corresponded constricted counseling contaminated corona consented converted corporate 

1.The artist was consistently praised by art critics.
2.The stream water was contaminated with pollutants.
3.When asthmatic suffers an attack, the airway path was constricted, making it diffricult for the person from breathing normally.
4.He was converted to the Darwinian theory of evolution.
5.We are fortunate that he's consented to share some of his experiences with us.
6.By the time the sun's corona rays reach the earth, they are weak and invisible.
7.Sarah used to teach psychology, but now she is a corporate statistician.
8.Vocational education and counseling extended the influence of public schools.
9.Some experts argue that school vacations interrupt the continuity of the school year.
10.The majority of films made after 1927 corresponded to specific musical compositions.
