The sky seen from an airplane became one of her favourite motifs and the subject of her largest work.
Drinking water containing excessive amount of fluorides may leave a mottled effect on the enamel of teeth.
Blankets of snow and ice grains mounted layer upon layer.
Mosquitoes seem to multiply quickly.
The man used to have a multitude of friends.
The thinker or philosopher stood apart from this mundane world.
The municipal government ordered landlords to roll back their rents to the levels charged in 1978.
Ella was the perfect musical partner for her friend.
It is this intense mutual engagement that elicits the display of skill and shapes the emerging performance.
A snowfall consists of myriads of minute ice crystals.
The passage is organized by narrating a story about excellent teachers.
Oral narratives are a valid form of literature.
Researchers have found that migrating animals use a variety of inner compasses to help them navigate.
Honeybees communicate the sources of nectar to one another by doing a dance in a figure-eight pattern.
The neoclassical sculptors seldom held a mallet or chisel in their own hands.
His attitude toward the claims made by advocates of health foods is neutral.
Late ancestral horse types moved from their forest niche out onto the grassy plains.
Nitrogen composes 80 percent of the air we breathe.
Most mice are nocturnal, but the African grass mouse is active during daylight hours.
Some hunters continued the old pastoral and nomadic ways.
You've been nominated for the committee.
Both political parties wanted Dwight D. Eisenhower as their presidential nominee.
Composers of western music used a system of notating their compositions so they could be performed by musicians.
These journals contain essays by several noted historians.
Red lettering on sign is much more noticeable than blue.
I didn't notify them about camp registration.
Subsequent reforms have made these notions seem quite out-of-date.
The teams played on, notwithstanding the rain.
The rain nourished the crops.
The result is an increased concentration of noxious chemicals in the air.
At the core of every ice crystal is a minuscule nucleus.
Cosmic rays consist of rapidly moving particles of numerous different kinds.
We want to nurture the new project, not destroy it.
The soil loses its nutrients, so it needs to be fertilized.
Vitamin D is important to human nutrition because it helps the body to absorb Calcium.
The unruly children showed no obedience to their parents.
The label stretched full length by the mast seems oblivious to the spray of the bow waves.
Evans early became obsessed by the possibilities of mechanized production and steam power.
The astronomers consider the study of cosmic jets to be an obsolete scientific field.
Shortage of material posed the biggest obstacle to the development of military forts.
Skyscrapers and television reception obstruct air traffic.