This interdependence is sometimes subtle, sometimes obvious.
Most photographic filters work by subtracting portions of visible light form the subject.
In 1916, United States suffragist Alice Paul founded National Woman's Party dedicated to establishing equal rights for women.
We have summed up the most important single fact about it at this moment in time.
Scientists need to put a special receiver on the summit to receive signals from satellites.
Icebergs are graceful , stately inspiring in calm,sunlit seas.
At the time of the revolution, the superintendent of Indian Affairs had little power.
Natural vitamins are superior to synthetic ones.
The National Academy of Design for the painters supervised the incorporation of new artistic techniques.
Within a short time the trading company had supplanted the individual promoter of colonization.
This kind of pottery was produced to supplement imported European pottery.
Alder trees can suppress the growth of nearby trees.
In June 1986, the glacier surged ahead as much as 47 feet a day.
The movement of surge glaciers can be prevented.
Canada surpassed the United States in transportation improvements.
Surpluses of food could be bartered for other commodities.
The murderer finally surrendered to the police.
A survey is a study, generally in the form of an interview or a questionnaire.
Wheat was susceptible to many parasites.
Most paleontologists suspect that abrupt changes in climate led to mass extinctions.
Grain Exchange trading was suspended, and farmers sold at prices fixed by the board.
The suspension of trading on the Grain Exchange was justified
During the Neolithic period, some hunters and gatherers began to rely chiefly on agriculture for their sustenance.
Slogging through a swamp in the rain is not funny.
One of these migrating swarms was estimated t contain 124 billion locusts.
You'd better take your mind off the math problem that you were swearing over for the last two hours.
The Arts and Crafts Movement in the United States was responsible for sweeping changes in attitudes toward the decorative arts.
The group of onlookers soon swelled to a crowd.
The signal it receives causes it to swing to the left.
Many paintings are rich in symbolic overtones.
He is sympathetic and understanding.
Much of the focus of the education was on the recognition of vitamin deficiency symptoms.
Vitamins were synthesized from foods.
While Edison's approach to invention was often cut-and try, it was highly systematic.
The cowboy kept a tally book for keeping count of the cattle.
Their regulation kept tariffs high.
Exposure to the open air tarnished the silver bowl.
Their ancestors had traditionally relieved the tedium of life.