The food is found to be teeming with bacteria.
The tenant can use any space in the parking area.
The football player pulled a tendon in his leg during the game.
The tentacles drag this prey into the sea anemone's mouth.
The tiny cord tying the boat to the rock was tenuous.
You'd be better off calling the terminal for new schedule.
You're familiar with basic film terminology.
The eusocial termites live in the same places as ants.
The moon may be divided into two major terrains.
Ichthyosaurs had a higher chance of being preserved than terrestrial creatures did.
How did spiders defend their territory.
Jane's suspect testimony drew the attention of the lawyer.
The European textile industry increased its demand for American export products.
Igneous rocks also vary in texture as well as chemistry.
Even when the ice thaws, the stones do not return to their original positions.
He thaws out the fish in a bucket of water.
They devote a lot of time to theoretical problem.
In the third era of nutritional history, vitamin therapy began to fall into disrepute.
Thorns are imitated as a means of protection by some of the tropical species.
The thrifty housewife only bus grocery items that are on sale.
Fungi thrive in a wide variety of environments.
Why have ants been able to thrive for such a long time?
The Rosetta stone thwarted scholars efforts for several decades until the early nineteenth century.
The prejudiced man was not at all tolerant.
I won't tolerate your foolish behavior anymore.
The parks should be adapted to the local topography.
The fieldstones remain in a frozen layer of topsoil.
The pressure at the center of a tornado is usually 13 pounds per square inch.
His article brought a torrent of criticism.
Could you please give me a tow?
Towering skyscrapers cast long shadows at dusk.
Some plant tissues contain a diverse array of toxic or potentially toxic substances.
The Anasazi family was matrilinear, that is, descent was traced through the female.
Despite the intent of the law, speculators often managed to obtain large tracts.
Arthur Miller's Play Death of a Salesman is a tragic story.
They share similar physical traits.
Murray's essays transcended the boundaries of her world in recognizing the need for training women to earn their own living.
The trasition to settled life also had a prefound impact on the family.
Glass can be colored or colorless, tansparent, translucent or opaque.
Jellyfish maybe are large enough to be seen, but they are transparent.
The farmers gathered the baby oysters and transplanted them in waters to speed up their growth.
The scientists might transplant sepecific genes to increase the release of the chemical signals.
Please tread very quietly as the baby is asleep.
The oceanic crust is remelted beneath the ocean trenched.
Picking up a tributary of the Columbia River, they continued weatward.
Pheromones are chemical signals triggering behavioral responses.
Heat is transported from the topics to the middle and high latitudes.
Cheryl usually doesn't travel with the dance troupe.
She can't afford to pay her tuition.