The shoe polish doesn't match the shoes.
These moths continu to pollinate the flowers until well into September.
These ponderous machines reaped the grain, and bagged it.
The Pacific Islands were not populated from the east by South Americans.
Some bones are not porous enough to be effectively grafted.
He designed a portable camera.
Why do squirrels eat only a portion of each acorn they retrieve.
Bret Harte achieved fame with stories that portrayed local life.
Her work does not posit an overt political statement.
They possess detailed knowledge of the rules of jazz performers.
The meeting has been postponed until further notice.
Scientists do not know why dinosaurs became extinct, but some theories postulate that changes in geography, climate, and sea levels were responsible.
In day-to-day use, the potter smoothed the exterior surface of the pot with wet hands.
After drying the fish, thw women pounded some of them into fish meal.
The idea of sea-floor spreading actually preceded the theory of plate tectonics.
Water dissolves, transports, and precipitates many chemical compounds.
The definition is not precise.
Some birds elevate their nests in branches perhaps to avoid predators.
The eighteenth-century houses showed great interior improvement over their predecessors.
Humans have been predominantly right-handed for more than 5000 years.
Red and yellow predominate in these flowers.
He has no reading preference.
Archaeology has long been an accepted tool for studying prehistoric cultures.
I'll expect a preliminary draft of each paper two weeks before the final due date.
The New World butterflies make up the preponderance of examples because they are the most familiar species.
There is plenty room, but there is a prerequisite.
The pills you prescribed are giving me a headache.
Pharmacists fill drug prescriptions, keep records of the drugs their patients are taking to make sure that harmful combinations are not prescribed.
Welcome to the Forewinds Historical Farm where traditions of the past are preserved for visitors like you.
The whig party decided to nominate him for the presidency.
No other colonial artisans rivaled the silversmiths prestige.
The Nobel Prize for Literature is the most prestigious form of literary recognition in the world.
Most goods are hand made, and a subsistence economy prevails.
The prevailing winds in the Great Basin are form the west.
Colds are prevalent in the water.
Some human hunters prey on animals of all ages, but gray wolves concentrate their efforts on young animals.
The sun is far less radiant today than the primal sun.
The origins of primitive sea life were explained.
Prior to this report, Seattle's park development was very limited and funding meager.
The system gives priority to the students who have been here the longest.
The Aliens and Hamilton of Philadelphia introduced European art traditions to those colonists privileged to visit their galleries.
Humming birds have stiletto-like bills to probe the deepest nectar-bearing flowers.
As one proceeds toward the Southeast, broadleaf vegetation becomes dominant.