They brush away illusions and secondhand opinions.
Many workers are seduced by rosy illusions of life as a telecom muter.
The imagist movement in poetry arose during the second decade of the twentieth century.
Camels have been known to imbibe over 100 liters in a few minutes.
They were immune to drought.
The advantage of seabird's nesting on cliffs is the immunity from foxes.
Adjustments in various places show that this standard is not immutable.
How did the shift to agricultural societies impact people's family relationship.
Without regular supplies of some hormones our capacity to behave would be seriously impaired.
Parents rarely encourage this instinctive attraction by imparting a knowledge of nature to their children.
Some members of the flock warn others of impending dangers.
With the gradual evolution of society, simple counting became imperative.
The objects are covered with impermeable decorative coatings of glasslike material.
The danger of fire gave an impetus to the use of more durable material.
It took the company a year to implement the plan.
They began using improved implements.
What were the social implications of the meat eating?
The doctor gave an implicit answer.
New regulations were imposed on nontraditional education.
The government imposed a new tax on public entertainment.
The gosling may imprint on another object.
Did you see the deep imprint of the big toe.
The musical arrangement was normally improvised in the greatest hurry.
Fish also uses such ability to produce and detect electrical impulses to communicate.
Glycoproteins in plant cell walls may inactivate enzymes that degrade cell walls.
A fable is usually a short tale featuring animals or inanimate objects that can talk and think like humans.
Their statement was a downright inanity.
In 1935, The Associated Press news service inaugurated its wirephoto network and offered subscribing newspapers.
There was incentive for American potters to replace the imports with comparable.
From their inception, most rural neighborhoods in colonial North America included at least one carpenter, joiner, and sawyer.
I'm tired of his incessant complaining.
Dry leaves incinerate easily.
They had neither the skills nor the inclination to become farmers.
Individual birds have markedly different interests and inclinations.
Some people are inclined to jump to hasty conclusion.
It is said that  the grand spectable of a comet develops from a relatively small and inconspicuous chunk of ice and dust.
It was inconvenient to carry anything in pants pockets while riding.
When hypotheses are confirmed, they are incorporated into theories.
He must get in incredible phone bill every month.
The researchers remove eggs from the nests of parrots and incubate them under laboratory conditions.
What they feared most was indifference.
Surveys sometimes are indispensable sources of information.
The marine biologists could induce oysters to spawn not only in the summer but also in the fall.
Viruses are inert outside living cells, but within the appropriate cells they can replicate.
In earth's infancy, its surface was warm enough for life.
He has an ear infection.
Colds are infectious, and so are some eye diseases.
Vase painters sometimes produced inferior ware.
The yellow balloon is inflated with helium.
Who is the most influential watercolor painters in the mid-1800s?
They all had influential families.
The rapid growth of Boston during the mid-nineteenth century coincided with a large influx of European immigrants.
The quartz crystal's energy is turned into infrared radiation.
Both the national and state governments developed transportation infrastructure.
By such ingenious adaptations to specific pollinators, orchids hace avoided the hazards of rampant crossbreeding in the wild.
The weather map became an essential ingredient in the redesign of the American newspaper.
The archaeological evidence indicates that Native Americans first inhabited the area.
Homing pigeons are not unique in this inherent skill.
She inherited all her mother's beauty.
They may discipline group members who inhibit attainment of the group's goals.