The early apartment buildings were confined to the typical New York building lot.
They should be sedigned to conform to the topography.
Staggering tasks confronted the people of the United States, North and South, when the Civil War ended.
Political liberty was congenial to the development of art taste.
The local governments start telecommuting programs in order to reduce rush-hour congestion.
We are fortunate that he's consented to share some of his experiences with us.
Now, keep in mind that a theory of the moon's origin has to be consistent with two important facts.
The artist was consistently praised by art critics.
The man is behaving with a dignity consonant with his rank.
Some colonial urban portraitists consorted with affluent patrons.
The tuition has remained constant over the past five years.
These bacteria release volatile substances that usually strike the bloodhound's nose as an entire constellation of distinctive scents.
Vitamins became recognized as essential food constituents necessery for health.
Airmail began to constitute the bulk of United States mail.
Their species' genetic makeup constrains them to be insects.
When asthmatic suffers an attack, the airway path was constricted, making it diffricult for the person from breathing normally.
She is consulting with the librarian.
A hobby like collection of classical music can be contagious and expensive.
The stream water was contaminated with pollutants.
After a good meal and good conversation, we were all content.
Some experts argue that school vacations interrupt the continuity of the school year.
The development of jazz can be seen as part of the larger continuum of American popular music, especially dance music.
Ground plans and contour maps of the Earth can be drawn from aerial photographs.
Peary's claim was surrounded by controversy.
Small pieces of floating ice converge and form icebergs.
He was converted to the Darwinian theory of evolution.
The jury convicted the man, and he was sentenced to twenty years in prison.
By the time the sun's corona rays reach the earth, they are weak and invisible.
Sarah used to teach psychology, but now she is a corporate statistician.
The majority of films made after 1927 corresponded to specific musical compositions.
Jane saved all of her grandfather's correspondence.
If the beads are buried for long, the effects of corrosion can further change their appearance.
The extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by some physical event, either climatic or cosmic.
Vocational education and counseling extended the influence of public schools.
Antacid will counteract the excess acid in your stomach.
These female writers, like most of their mail counterparts, were amateur historians.
I've got a coupon for half-off diner at that new restaurant down the street.