Please don't exclude grains from your diet.
The society's activities also included organized sketching excursions along the Hudson River.
The exemplary function of the hero in literary works seems to remain constant.
You are not exempt from the rules.
The pressure exerted on the human body increase by 1 atmosphere for every 10 meters of depth in seawater.    
A diver must ascend slowly, never at a rate exceeding the rise of the exhaled air bubbles, and must exhale during ascent.
The children screamed with delight on the exhilarating carnival ride.
Leopold was to create a botanical garden where only exotic flowers grew.
His initial expedition, which sailed in 1578 with a patent granted by Queen Elizabeth was defeated by the Spanish.
When you sneeze, you expel air from your lungs.
Ronald has to renew his passport because it has expired.
The directions Jane gave me to get to her home were very explicit.
How a star becomes unstable and explodes as a supernova is not known.
Vaccines for some rare diseases are given only to persons who risk exposure to the disease.
In day-to-day use, the potter smoothed the exterior surface of the pot with wet hands.
After your long illness, it is good to see you active and exuberant.
Mass transportation revised the social and economic fabric of the American city in three fundamental ways.
She thought that writers should tell the truth about human affairs, not fabricate romance.
The sound of a person may give a clue to the facade or mask of him.
Fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise are universally reflected in facial expressions.
Government trade policies facilitated the exporting of agricultural products.
The story of the train may not be completely factual.
The old man has a faculty for saying the right things.
The temperature of the sun is over 5,000 degrees Fahrenheit.  
They don't familiarize themselves with the campus.
Metal fatigue is the tendency of metal to break under repeated stress.
Did you fix the leaky faucet?
Her attitude toward the claims of health foods is somewhat favorable.
Endotherms also regulate their temperature by choosing favorable environment.
The national government made a feeble attempt to make larger holdings available to homesteaders.
Certain feminists showed a keen sense of history by keeping records of activities in which women were engaged.
Yogurt contains a higher percentage of lactic acid than other fermented milks.
The soil near the forts was very fertile.
The soil loses its nutrients, so it needs either to be fertilized or to be left unused for at least a season.
Although based on feudal models, the colony of Pennsylvania developed a reputation for a progressive political and social outlook.