The boundary lines between normality and pathology are often clearly delineated by medical science.
Let me welcome all the new members of the ski patrol.
The antique shop wanted to encourage patronage by wealthy customers.
Rudely, the waiter spoke to me in a patronizing tone.
The sky was paved with clouds.
After the peak year of 1957, the birth rate in Canada began to decline.
Each product has its own peculiar characteristics.
Some of the Pomo people's baskets were completely covered with shell pendants.
In a microwave oven, radiation penetrates food and is then absorbed primarily by water molecule, causing heat to spread through the food.
Art deco in its many forms was largely perceived as throughly modern.
A perceptive scholar questioned the professor's theory.
This periodic extinction might be due to intersection of the earth's orbit with a cloud of comets.
However, the dispute between the colonists and England was peripheral.
When a species is no longer adapted to a changed environment, it may perish.
Most organic materials are perishable.
Some of the baskets have been placed on permanent display at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Insects have many enemies ,but they must perpetuate their kind.
John won't give up. He persists in repeating his opinion.
These myths persisted and provided material for art and drama.
The fungus infections afflicted many military personnel.
Almanacs provided the perfect steady seller because their information pertained to the locale in which they would be used.
The pertinent considerations that will be affected by each decision are listed.
This basic fact has been the most pervasive influence in determing the social arrangements and cultural practices of the people.
The phases of the moon have served as primary divisions of time for thousands of years.
Pheromones play numberous roles in the activities of insects.
The sun split water vapor into hydrogen and oxygen during a process called photodissociation.
The bullet pierced the police officers vest.
In a pilot reclamation project, they tested the growth possibilities of eight species of plants.
Radar can help pinpoint the location of an object within its range.
Local music store owners pioneered their own local recording industry.
During periods of heavy piracy at sea, for example, the amount of interest and the cost of the policy went up considerably.
The champion was pitted against the young contender.
A brass or woodwind player may hum while playing, to produce two pitched at once.
Iry Lejeune became a pivotal figure in the revitalization of Cajun music.
Larry certainly made a mess of that plain job.
Takeing a walnut plank, the sculptor carved the expressive stylized design.
Most planktons have transparent tissues as a protective camouflage.
The solar wind is a swiftly moving plasma of ionized gases with its own magnetic field.
These rough places on the wall cold be plastered over.
My advisor's hollow platitudes weren't very helpful.
Well, as plausible as it sounds, it's only a theory.
The sheet of plastic becomes very pliable when it is warmed.
Max sympathized wilth Bill, who was in a horrible plight.
Over the same period, another 550,000 lots were plotted outside the city limits but within the metropolitan area.
Most of the iron meteorites are found by farmers plowing their fields.
The man was so short and plump that he had to be lifted up on his horse.
With the continued rise in sea level, more ice would plunge into the ocean.