She knows a mechanic who can fix the man's car.
The religion, a variety of the Mennonite faith, provides the principal mechanism for maintaining order.
The modern scientist tends to be a mechanist.
Mechanized farming required more capital and fewer laborers.
The National Academy of Design for the painters mediated conflicts among artists.
The museum had an exhibit of medieval armor last month.
Emotional health is evidenced in the voice by free and melodic sounds of happiness.
The music included sad melodies.
The seeds in the soil are watered by the melting snows of winter.
Beads can often be used to designate the degree of mercantile, technological, and cultural sophistication.
Our pilots are at the mercy of the winds, so who knows where they'll drift off to.
The store has the merit of being open late.
Sea cucumbers have the capacity to become quiescent and live at a low metabolic rate.
The engineers are creating exotic new metallic substance.
As their name suggests, the iron meteorites consist almost entirely of metal.
Champagne is typical in its brilliance of color, meticulous rendering of detail, compact composition, and unabashed abundance.
The woman could use her metric ruler.
This circumstance was mitigated by the mighty river and lake.
When these people migrated from the countryside, they carried their fears and suspicions with them.
Modern barbed wire is made from mild steel.
The southwestern coastal region has a humid mild marine climate.
The military stationed at various forts.
Over millennia, the sea has been getting saltier and saltier.
The often mimed the desired effect¡ª¡ªsuccess in hunt or battle.
Next mime I'll be sure to call in advance and make a reservation.
People have always been fascinated by the parrot's ability to mimic human speech.
These sources don't increase the actual mineral composition of the water.
Are you aware that you can go to that school at a minimal cost?
They also took steps to minimize damage to product.
You seem to meet our minimum qualifications.
Unfortunately, based on the general response, you and I are definitely in the minority.
They identify the city where the penny was minted.
A snowfall consists of myriads of minute ice crystals that fall to the ground.
I'm usually miserable for a week and the symptom ends up ruining my holidays.
The homing pigeon can be trained to carry out the missions that people demand.
One of the sculptures is a mobile that is mad of pieces of aluminum.
These achievements were mocked by the artistic elite of Paris as expensive and ugly follies.
Water precipitates many chemical compounds and is constantly modifying the face of the Earth.
The ability to modulate a chemical signal is limited, compared with communication by visual or acoustic means.
Warm, moist air from the Pacific Ocean is forced upward as it crosses the Sierra Nevada.
The moisture is supplied by the passage of an airstream over a water surface.
The higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded.
Any rock that has been cooled and solidified from a molten state is an igneous rock.
The entertainment industry is monopolized by Hollywood in US.
Factory work was less creative and more monotonous.
The concert was monumental tribute to the orchestra's first conductor.
Throughout the wilderness, post bands provided entertainment and boosted morale.
Mosaic is the art of closely setting small, colored pieces, such as stone or glass, into a surface to create a decorative design.