These songs' origins cannot be disguised and therefore they belong primarily to the composer.
The raw fish disgusted me, so I left the table.
The books printed less than a hundred years ago are beginning to disintegrate.
The two neighbours looked for a disinterested person to settle their dispute.
The dismal, cold day depressed everyone.
I was dismayed by the news in the paper.
Contemporary readers are easily disposed to think of "literature" only as something written.
The village chief dealt with land disputes and religious affairs.
It would be hard to dispute that he manipulated space extremely well.
These incursions disrupted the old European sedentary farming lifestyle that had existed for 3,000 years.
The film disseminated an image of the good life in Southern California.
These three kinds of meteorites can usually be distinguished by density.
The old mirror distorted my reflection.
Mark distorted the story, trying to place the blame on his sister.
The thunderstorm distracted the little boy from his homework.
The doctor could see the parents' distress over their child's health.
Professor Burke will distribute calculators to the students.
Noise, in the technical sense, implies a random chaotic disturbance.
The researcher observed babies and their mothers in six diverse cultures.
Accompanying that economic growth was a structural change that featured increasing economic diversification.
The wind diverted the boat from its course.
For a while in the United States, laisser faire was a popular doctrine.
All these things survived in the public domain.
The states dominated economic activity during this period.
When water is scarce, lichens may become dormant.
I'll expect a preliminary draft of each paper two weeks before the final due date.
Water is let in or drained out until it reaches approximately the same level as the water ahead.
What forms of life were able to make such a drastic change in lifestyle.
The businessman stored large quantities of grain during periods of drought.
I am dubious that a new stove will improve my cooking.
Another unusual feature of glass is the manner in which its viscosity changes as it turns from a cold substance into a hot, ductile liquid.
In its early history, the volin had a dull and rather quiet tone.
The freighter was caught in a big storm and thousand of pairs of sneakers got dumped into the Pacific Ocean.
It'll take me only three minutes to duplicate a key like that
Beads were probably the first durable ornaments humans possessed.
Cotton became the main American export, dwarfing all other products.
She began to dess only in white-a habit that added to her reputation as an eccentric.
The desperate plight of the South has eclipsed the fact that reconstruction had to be undertaken also in the North.
Codfish is a kind of edible fish that lives in cold water.
The white House is the oldest public edifice in Washington DC.
Did you read the editorial in the paper about the mayor's speech.
Some artists came to truly embrace the life in small towns and to eject city life.
They developed elaborate ceremonies and religious rituals to bring rain.
The glass objects of this style were elegant in outline.
The birds began to elevate their nests in branches perhaps to avoid predators.
Even questions that are less structured must be carefully phrased in order to elicit the type of information desired.
The glass objects of this style were elegant in outline.
Members of the Academy and Institute are not eligible for any cash prizes.
That is, certain species may be eliminated and others may survive for no particular reason.
Camen Lomas Garza's eloquent etchings depict primal images of the rural environment.