Desalination of water is the best way to obtain drinking water.
Each ant nest has its own oder as a result of its location,history, and local food supply.
The offensive team carried the ball closer to the goal.
The poisonous gas damaged my olfactory nerves.
In the face of this onslaught, living things have evolved a variety of defense mechanisms.
The resin oozes out of the tree and the spider or leaf gets incased in it.
Quartz my be transparent, translucent, or opaque.
Our opponents won the game.
Politicians rarely opposed the government's generous support of business owners.
This is the optimal time for harvesting apples.
My job is providing orientation for new campus employees.
Life originated in the early seas less than a billion years after the earth was formed.
The ornaments on the Christmas tree shined and sparkled.
I wish these shoes matched my outfit.
These watches are outrageously expensive.
Fortunately, scientific and technological advances have overcome most of these problems.
The citizens demanded an overhaul of the corrupt government.
The end of the first scene overlapped the beginning of the second.
Extensive falls of volcanic ash and coarse particles overwhelmed and buried all form of life.
Ozone is an unstable faintly bluish gas that is the most active chemical form of oxygen.
It is time to pack up my gloves and boots.
John accidentally dropped his paddle in the lake.
Panel painting involved a painstaking, laborious process.
This soup isn't excellent, but it's palatable.
I think I'd really rather have some pale yellow paper for my correspondence.
The walls were made of plaster or wood, sometimes elaborately paneled.
The class presentation started half an hour ago and I was just beginning to panic.
The road paralleled the railroad tracks.
Those tiny poison threads can paralyze small sea animals.
The most important parameter affecting a rocket's maximum flight velocity is the relationship between the vehicle's mass and the amount of propellant it can carry.
Tradition is paramount, and change comes infrequently and slowly.
The reporter paraphrased the president's comments.
The tachinid fly is a parasite of harmful insects.
The smoke particles are so small that they cool rapidly.
I urged my passive friend to be more assertive.
Sometimes the corn was roasted or patched, but most of the corn was fried on the card.
He never tried to patent his discoveries or get wealthy from them.