Algebra generalizes certain basic laws.
The smoke it generated went out through the main chimney.
Researches found that all the Argentine ants in California were very similar genetically.
He's interested in the genetics of mammals.
These writers can genuinely be said to have created a genre.
I had the wrong date for my geometry test.
Some diseases were caused by germ-carrying insects.
A galaxy is giant family of many millions of stars.
Scientists speculate it might be a gigantic hurricane.
A glacier maintains the same shape throughout the glacial process.
The glacier that reached the Pacific coast were valley glaciers.
Examples of exocrine glands are the tear glands and the sweat glands.
It was created by adding a brown glaze to the fired clay.
Futurism rejected all traditions and attempted to glorify contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and motion.
What a gorgeous jacket!It must have cost a fortune.
Mahalia Jackson's powerful, joyous gospel music style had gained her an international reputation.
It was famous for its use of Gothic decorative detail.
I'll grab a snack at the break.
He doesn't know if Dr.Wilson has finished the grading of the midterm exam.
There was at least a grain of truth in this.
This building is made of white granite and marble.
The bank granted her a loan to cover her school expenses.
Mary seems surprised that she got a research grant.
Jupiter has a weaker gravtational force than the other planets.
Theodore Dresier grimly portrayed a dark world in which human beings were tossed about by forces beyong their understanding.
The windmill has been used to pump water and grind grains.
I gripped the handlebars as I biked over the bumpy road.
Mother chimpanzees care for and groom their young.
All trails have to be checked daily to make sure they are groomed probably.
Thanks for picking up those grosses for me , how much do I owe you?
Did you know that 90% of the coast is eroding on the gulf Mexico?
A gulf that at time seemed unbridgeable was created between husbands and wives.
Most gulls keep the nest area clear.
Telecommuting has been hailed as a solution to all kinds of problems related to office work.
The development of a scientific approach to chemistry was hampered by several factors.