Rational people will not be fooled by the damagogue's rhetoric.
It was made of wood not readily available.
Later they developed a technique for feeding the larvae and rearing them to spat.
She insists she never started out to be a rebel.
I seem to recall that the festival got started in the 1930s.
This fish navigates using ting receptors in the skin that are sensitive to electrical impulse.
He didn't follow the recipe for the stew.
The Argentine ants can quickly recruit a huge army from their network of nests.
The team shouldn't recruit any more players.
My garage is in the shape of a rectangle.
They often appear as a solid reddish mass when viewed from a ship or from the air.
They do their best to refine their interviewing techniques.
The higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded.
It's too late for the woman to get a refund.
Once the hotel's refurbished, it could start to attract people to our town again.
Chicago would become a great city regardless of the disadvantageous characteristics of the available site.
The sea cucumber will regenerate itself if it is attacked.
They regulate their temperature by making a variety of internal adjustments.
San Antonio's leaders rehabilitated existing structures.
We rehearse only one night a week.
I guess they wanted to reinforce the stuff we learned in school about history.
Music can help rejuvenate or soothe the patient.
Water is available at the relay station.
The pop festival was relayed all round the world.
He doesn't have relevant resource material.
The woman's source of information is reliable.
Molds were used to create particular effects for some products. Such as relief-decorated vessels and figurines.
We should have some relief by the end of the week.
Most astronomers agree that comets are primordial remnants from the formation of the solar system.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art was remodeled.
He's confused by the remote controls.
The field of "sanitary science" is concerned with waste removal, water purification and so on.