Rapid ecological change may render an environment hostile to a species.
They have completely renovated the restaurant.
The gravitation force makes stars repel each other rather than attract.
The repertory of a concert band includes marches, and other forms of music.
The body needs to be replenished with nutrient in order to maintain a high level of energy throughout the day.
The virus replicates by attaching to a cell and injecting its nucleic acid.
They've learned how to reproduce these cells.
The hotel was reputed to be the best in the country.
People from the television station have requested the viewers to send in their suggestions.
Two species of these finches reside in the evergreen forests of North America.
The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving residue of clay.
The musical tone of an electric guitar is created not by the resonance of the body of the guitar but by electronical amplification.
Northerners and Southerners alike threw themselves into the task of supplying their respective armies.
She left the hospital and resumed her classes.
Retail merchants were not willing to sell goods at low prices.
If suddenly cooled, the object retains the shape achieved at that point.
Those log buildings are the mountain retreats of wealthy New Yorkers. 
The squirrel retrieved all the acorns that they have stores.
Glassmakers did not want to reveal the methods they used.
The tourist attraction does not generate any revenue for the town.
The movement revered craft as a form of art.
Roughly every six hours are river reverses direction.
You are the reverse of polite.
Hong Kong reverted back to Chinese control on July 1,1997.
The woman needs to review the report again.
Please review the first three chapters in the book.
Experience led workers to revise their techniques.
What I expect you to do with your revise is to improve the effectiveness of your paper.
In numerous cities, art is being raised as a symbol of the commitment to revitalize urban areas.
Our economy is undergoing a revival.
The imagists revolted against earlier poets' emphasis on the classics.
A poem usually rhymes.
I went through a whole box of paper and a printer ribbon just trying to get my resume right.
These eruptions occurred along the mid-ocean ridges.
Is the fruit at the snack bar ripe.
Ritual ceremonies were conducted by the brother or son.
No one can rival him in eloquence.
Four male chimpanzees often roam together over a certain period.
The fireplace had pivoting metal rods to hang pots.
Sturgeons are prized for their blackish roe.
It was difficult to move or rotate.