During the 1850s, reform movements advocating temperance and the abolition of slavery gained strength in the United States.
There was a general abort when the initial was discovered.
The state abounds in colonial architecture.
Abrasion due to daily wear alters the surface features of beads.
Edison kept abreast of recent scientific developments.
Most paleontologists suspect that abrupt changes in climate led to the mass extinctions.
Don Quixote makes chivalry seem absurd.
Television accelerated the citizen's focus on character rather than issues.
These artists achieved widespread popular success and acclaim
An accord with the labor union was reached at about midnight.
It's the acid that eventually eats away the paper.
I don't think the most ardent supporters of electronic instruments expect them to completely replace acoustic instruments.
She's well acquainted with the subject.
It was at the suggestion of her acting coach.
With the acceleration of industrial growth came acute urban crowding.
There is little evidence that people lacked adequate wild food resources.
Some of sizable ice crystals adhere to each other to create a cluster of ice crystals or a snowflake.
It's considered one of the strongest adhesives in nature.
Only in Pennsylvania and adjacent areas was atone widely used in dwellings.
The garage was an adjunct to the house.
Children adorned themselves with beads.
They were an advanced agricultural people who used irrigation to help grow their crops.
With the advent of power-driven machinery, home industry began to give way to production in mails and factories.
The Group of Seven welcomed adverse criticism because it would help them to improve as artists.
He jogs because he likes aerobics.
Your artwork has no aesthetic value.
The scholar affirmed Shakespeare's authorship of the plays.
Financial difficulties afflicted the Smiths.
Marine mammals have the misfortune to be swimming aggregates of commodities that humans want: fur, oil, and meat.
You increase your exposure to airborne viruses just when your body's resistance is already low.