The lithosphere is divided into a few dozen plates of various sizes and shapes.
The experts guarded their knowledge to prevent others from stealing their livelihood.
At the time Quebec was a major market for livestock, crops and fish.
Leslie has a heavier course load than usual this term.
The loaded my suitcases on the last plane.
Sally is waiting for the man in the lobby.
Nomadic hunter and gatherer societies move on when they has exhausted one locality.
The pterosaurs rely on wind power for their locomotion.
A great deal can be learned from the actual traces of ancient human locomotion.
In the 19th century, North American locomotives ran on hardwood fuel.
The "railroad novel" offers the ambience of stations yards and locomotive cabs.
The beaver's penchant for building lodges and canals has got it into a lot of hot water lately.
I'm going to fix some loose shutters on my house.
The most distant luminous objects seen by telescopes are probably ten thousand million light years away.
Many adults were lured to the cities by promises of steady employment.
Severin began to paint large, lush and still lives of flowers, fruit, or both.
Turquoise is opaque with waxy luster, varying in color from greenish gray to sky blue.
Margaret wote the lyrics for 21 children's records.
Maglev does not actually ride on the tracks but flies above tracks that are magnetically activated.
All magma basically consists of a variety of silicate minerals.
Both nickel and iron are whitish metals that are attracted by magnets.
The electrons accelerated to nearly the speed of light move through magnetic fields.
Industrialization and geographic mobility tended to magnify social distinctions.
Stars of the first magnitude are the brightest.
The decibel is a unit that expresses the ration of the magnitude of two electric voltages.
Bones are made of dynamic living tissue that requires continuous maintenance and repair.
Desert-adapted mammals have the further ability to feed normally when extremely dehydrated.
It is critical for maneuvering them between the scales and spreading the scales apart.
Similar municipal maneuvers took place in Chicago and New York.
The mania for architectural reconstruction had largely subsided by the 1950s and 1960s.
The contradicion manifested itself in the employment situation.
The say children can successfully manipulate the keyboard or mouse of their home computers before they can even hold a pencil.
The second-oldest continuously occupied governor's mansion in the United States is located in Jackson.
He concluded that the depth marked the boundary between a solid mantle and the liquid core.
I am good at manual tasks, but I don't do math well.
She'll give the man her instruction manual.
The Minnesota State Capitol building is mad of while granite and marble.
The southwestern coastal region has a humid mild marine climate.
The peopling of the Pacific Islands has been described as the greatest feat of maritime colonization in human history.
Crows have marked preferences for certain kinds of foods.
The two lens grinders first decided to market the telescope as a military invention.
The puppy ate the marrow from the bone it was chewing on.
Blue whale may grow to 100 feet and weigh 150 tons at maturity.
Prior to this report, Seattle's park development was very limited and funding meager.