Advocates of organic foods frequently proclaim that such products are safer and more nutritious than others.
Desert animals can drink prodigious volumes of water in a short time.
The development of professional sports in the United States dates back to the nineteenth century.
The scrolls were written in a language that is really rare today. Only a few people are proficient at it.
The transition to settled life also had a profound impact on the family.
Although based on feudal models, the colony of Pennsylvania developed a reputation for a progressive political and social outlook.
The cost of equipping and operating many thousands of conventional weather stations was prohibitively high.
The beds of former lakes are also prolific sources of fossils.
Mercy Otis was born into a prominent family in Barnstable.
One award subsidizes a promising American writers visit to Rome.
In the early decades of the United States, the agrarian movement promoted the farmer as society's hero.
Bob's dislike for not weather promoted him to move north.
Beth missed several errors while proofreading her paper.
The small plants and animals float about or weekly propel themselves through the sea.
The biologists did not have the proper equipment or the skill to handle the eggs.
Silver's most distinguishing property is its electrical conductivity.
Proponents of the worksheet procedure believe that it will yield optimal, that is, the best decisions.
Scientists have tried to quantify this proportion of the sun's energy.
A number of schemes were proposed for sending pictures by wire.
Now gertrude Stein was better known for her prose than for her poems.
In Nevada, Twain prospected for sister and gold without much luck, but did succeed as a writer.
Economic forces allowed merchants to prosper.
The prosperity of the Erie encouraged the state to enlarge its canal system by building several branches.
Historians who wrote during the calm and prosperous 1950s found reasons to believe the idealist view.
The students have been protesting against the increasing tuition.
The water of the early oceans might thus have become the chemical prototype for the fluids of all animal life.
Standard music notation makes no provision for many of these innovations.
This was a colossal sum for those days but one that a prudent government could pay.
When she was eight years old, some twenty-five volumes were awaiting publication.
He traveled around to publicize his writings.
After a theory has been publicized, scientists design experiments to test it.
The largest pueblos had more than 800 rooms.
The sequoia tree can pump water to its very top, more than 100 meters above the ground.
Fred is never punctual.
The tire punctured a mile from home.
He's very pleased with his purchase.
She purchased a product for cleaning rugs.
The surface of Europa is almost pure water ice.
Plants are the basis of the food pyramid for all living things even for other plants.
The museum displayed quaint advertisements from the 1920s;
The professor wants them to fill in a research questionnaire.
The bedcover was quilted in a flower design.
She wants to quit her job in the chemistry lab.
The club president announced that each member has a quota of ten tickets to sell for the talent show.
The author quotes public opinion to support the argument for farming plankton.
Cities had undergone radical social change.