Our vacatious coincided, so we traveled together.
Numerous houses collapsed as a result of the Tangshan Earthquake in 1976.
In early jazz, musicians often improvised melodies collectively.
What happens when electrons and gas collide in space?
Atmospheric pressure can support a column of water up to 10 metres high.
San Antonio, Texas, offers an object lesson for numerous other cities combating urban decay.
Burning would also stop when the combustible substance was emptied of all its phlogiston.
Thank you for coming here this morning to commemorate the first ballon voyage in the United States.
I prefer non-fiction: history, social commentary and stuff like that.
Artists are taking the distinction between public and private spaces into account when executing their public commissions.
The college is committed to selecting more faculty members.
Bill has a commitment to donate $3,000 to the charity.
Lisa displays a lot of commitment to her job.
By the 1940s her paintings had become a very precious commodity.
His paintings depict the communal cultural experience of Mexican descended people in the US.
More and more people live far from the old city center and still commute there for work.
You should choose a roommate more compatible to your taste.
Beads come in shapes, colors, and materials that almost compel one to handle them and to sort them.
How do humans compensate for an underdeveloped sense of smell?
Modern computers can quickly compile and analyze this large volume of weather information.
The myths and songs complemented our historical knowledge of the lives of animals and of people here.
The decision involves a large number of variables with complex relationships.
A good citizen complies with the laws of the country.
Community service is an important component of education here at our university.
Some geologists thought that the earth's interior contained a highly compressed ball of incandescent gas.
The Earth comprises three principal layers.
The two parties made an effort to reach a compromise.
A composition class is compulsory for all college students,
Those shallow puddles are often concealed by leaves and dust.
The author concedes that individual chimpanzees may have preference for certain companions.
Gertrude had conceived it as a part of her mission.
Mercy Warren conceived her plan to write a history of the American Revolution.
Worksheets require defining the problem in a clear and concise way.
Condensation from the clouds provides the essential agent of continental erosion:rain.
Eventually, the water stored as vapor in the atmosphere will condense to liquid again.
The nerve cells exhibit to a great degree the phenomena of conductivity.
She may have exerted even more influence in the confederacy than he did.
In the family, traditional cultural patterns confer leadership on one or bith of the parents.
My confession won't solve anything.
The awkward configuration of the kitchen is very inefficient.