Jimmy embellished the tale of his fishing trip to make it sound more exciting.
That's a national team that embodies competitive spirit and skill.
Some artists came to truly embrace the life in small towns and to eject city life in so called "sophisticated society".
The plants react by emitting a chemical signal, which acts like a call for help.
The law's enactment was very controversial.
Floating on the oceans every year are 7,659 trillion metric tons of ice encased in 10,000 icebergs.
The team"art deco"has come to encompass three distinct but related design trends of the 1920s and 1930s.
Abstract art encountered much opposition in its early years.
The reporter encroached on my privacy.
Susan endeavored to get better grades in college.
Nature endowed Jane with a pleasant smile.
I had to endure many painful shots because I'd been exposed to rabies.
Dr.White enforces strict deadlines on lab work.
You should take a little while to think about what would entail before making your final decision.
Most students buy meal contracts, which entitle them to twenty meals a week at an of the cafeterias.
More dense atmosphere gradually enveloped Earth.
The terrible epidemic killed most of the people it infected.
I missed the first episode of the new TV show, but I hope to watch a later one.
American children's stories differed from their British equivalents.
Many buildings in this style were erected nationwide through government programs during the Depression.
Melting ice erodes the soil around them.
I have to pick up my car and do a couple of errands.
Kilauea is one of the world's most active volcanoes, having erupted dozens of times since 1952.
This constant reshaping and recreation is the essence of folk music.
They represent humans in an eternal struggle with the forces of nature.
The radio mentioned possible evacuation routes.
Ice have evaporated from its outer layers to leave a crust of nearly black dust all over the surface.
The purpose of a poem need not be to inform the reader of anything, but rather to evoke feelings.
The techniques of pottery manufacture had evolved well before the Greek period.
Their products, primarily silver plates and bowls, reflected their exalted status and testified to their customers' prominence.
The deepest bone-bearing deposit was excavated in 1914.