With fidelity to real life and accurate representation without idealization, the authors studied local dialects.
Springwater is clan, since it has been filtered through permeable rocks.
Many bacteria lack flagella and cannot move about by their own power.
The bird flaps one wing in an apparent attempt to take to the air.
The flavorings are added to give the fish some taste.
Many spectators flocked to the farm to catch a glimpse of Mrs.Stowe.
The level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere fluctuated between 190 and 280 parts per million.
Its temperature often fluctuates dramatically.
Life on earth has continually been in flux as slow physical and chemical changes have occurred on earth.
Many butterlies can suddenly disappear from view by folding their wings.
The insect is active at night and rests motionless amid foliage during the day.
Nancy Ward, a Cherokee leader of the 1700s, became a legendary figure in Tennesse folklore.
Three sailors were fomenting a mutiny on the ship.
Many ants forage across the countryside in large numbers.
I know many of you are already at the forefront of the work place technology.
Robinson is one of the foremost pianists of our day.
To get the perspective you want, you need to use what we call foreshortening.
I was reading an article about the formation of snowflakes.
The former are called endotherms, and the latter are called ectotherms.
They faced formidable difficulties in their attempt to reach the mountain summit.
They fell in love with each other in a fortuitous meeting.
Even scratched found on fossil human teeth offer clues.
The sole purpose of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters is to " foster, assist and sustain an interest " in literature, music, and art.
Only a small fraction of all the organisms that have ever lived are preserved as fossils.
Fracture on tools also indicates that a majority of ancient people were right-handed.
Snowflakes consist of broken fragments and clusters of adhering ice crystals.
His woolen pants were sometimes fortified with buckskin to keep them from fraying.
The fish was shipped in refrigerated freight car.
Adams lamented the role that the new frenzy for business was playing in eroding traditional values.
A 19th century fresco was damaged beyond repair.
The forward movement of a small animal is seriously reduced by the air friction.
The frigid ground in the far north acts as a remarkable preservative for animal fossils.
Frugal people saved cash in kitchen pots and jars.
I'm frustrated with the computer.
The resulting mass was further heated to fuse the mass into what was called potash.
There are three main types of galaxy: spiral, elliptical, and irrregular.
Like Jupiter, Saturn is a large, gaseous planet.
Henry Ford constructed a one-cylinder gasoline.
It must have several gears.
By 1863 the Northern war economy was rumbling along in high gear.