Relatively little hardware was used during this period.
The dachshund is a hardy, alert dog with a good sense of smell.
The piano is able to play both the melody and its accompanying harmony at the same time.
The waterwheel is a mechanism designed to harness energy from a source instead of animals.
They believed that iron offered less resistance to fire and harsh weather than traditioal materials.
A constricted and harsh voice usually indicates anger.
In my haste I forgot my books.
The young spiders hatch in mid-spring or early summer.
Farm women had to haul large quantities of water into the house from wells.
People were haunted by the prospect that unprecedented change in the nation's economy would bring social chaos.
Maine's abundant forests and rivers have made it a haven foe many kinds of wildlife.
Cora reefs have always been one of the greatest hazards to ships sailing in tropical seas.
The small investors paid little heed to future land users.
Columbus returned to Spain from the weatern hemisphere.
In 1926 he announced that henceforth his factories would close for the entire day on Saturday.
America's War of Independence heralded the birth of three modern nations.
Mammals vary their body temperatures during hibernation.
The author puts honesty first in her hierarchy of values.
The hind legs of the gerbil are particularly well adapted to leaping across its desert habitat.
The government shouldn't create regulations that might hinder business growth.
Did she give any hints about what's on her mind?
Our counselors will give you hints about successful interviewing.
The quality of the hinterland dictated the pace of growth of the cities.
His study involves the eating and dietary habits of hominids.
In a small community, behavioral norms are more likely being homogeneous than in a large city.
She hooks up her telephone modem connections.
The short child of tall parents very likely had a hormone deficiency early in life.
The climate is more hospitable in the sea.
The citizens were hostile to the reports conclusions.
The criminal's hovering between life and death.
Horses and cows will seem to go to a protected area and huddle together.
They may be glassy blue, or in darker hues.
The soldiers devote their lives to unselfish service of humanity.
The southwestern coastal region has a humid mild marine climate.
The luxury express trains that hurl people over spots spotlight the romance of railroading.
There are hydrothermal vents, which are small cracks on the sea floor.
One researcher hypothesized that there were two parts to the explanation.
This is how Thomas Jefferson idealized the farmers at the beginning of the 19th century.
The director wanted the songs in the Broadway version to be identical to the songs in the film.
Gradually, economic reality overcame ideology.
Martha Graham's debut dance concert in her new idiom occurred on April 18,1926.